* EXAMPLE TITLE
"short description"
* feature type:
details: ( type of role, item stats, etc )
* status: (unstarted, started, unfinished, finished)
( * = required )

RESPRITE TOOLS, MEDKITS, COMMON ITEMS
"4 tones, 10 value cent difference, establish artstyle"
feature type: sprites
status: unstarted

SUPER OBJECTIVE
"the universal objective: the ultimate sandwich"
feature type: Antag (and crew?) objective
details: needs sprite, objective conditions, mapped
status: unstarted

NT ASSASSIN
"Anti-espionage measures. Spawns during the midround ninja event to kill them"
feature type: midround free agent
details: Objectives- kill (or arrest) the ninja at all costs, loses if the ninja completes all its objectives
status: unstarted

NATIONAL TRAGEDY DRINK
" (1) B52, (1) Manhattan = (2) redacted drink"
feature type: drink
status: unstarted

ASCENSION CULTIST
"Do enough rituals and a final self sacrafice to summon an eldrich horror"
feature type: roundstart antag
status: unstarted

CLOWN ADJUSTMENTS
"lock it behind 100 hours, naturally slips everyone"
feature type: systematic change
status: unstarted

PIRATES
"make as much money as possible, killing people costs money"
feature type: major team-based gamemode
details: a certain ratio (TBD) of players spawn on a pirate shuttle, armed with high firepower and weak armor, are instructed to make as much money as possible. The pirate captain would get a choice in some sort of uplink.
status: unstarted

VISUAL ALERTS FOR BLIND
feature type: trait
details: decrease effective vision range, but sounds outside of the range are illuminated visually
status: unstarted

SYNDICATE SUBMARINE CREW
"gain intell, get out"
feature type: Major team-based gamemode
details: a certain ratio (TBD) of players spawn on a hidden syndicate submarine, without externals. Not sure what the objective would be, but being discovered would be defeat.
status: unstarted

MOLE MAN
"a blind vent dweller that steals shinies"
feature type: solo midround free agent
details: primary objective- get as much gold as possible, basically a solo pirate without weapons
status: unstarted

GELATINOUS CUBE
"absorbs mass for utility"
feature type: solo midround antag
details: absorb walls and items to gain abilities, leaving a slime trail that does damage. Primary objective- hit a certain mass, then do something, idk
status: unstarted

MEDUSA
"defend something, freeze your enemies"
feature type: team based role
details: spawn around something (TBD) and defend it, with a powerful ability that freezes anyone in Line of Sight for (TBD) ammount of time. Medusas do extra damage to frozen targets
status: unstarted

ANTI-RAIDING COUNTERMEASURE (?)
"turns anyone who says a slur into bread automatically"
feature type: administration
details: somehow make slurs a voice command that turns the user into bread. Ideally automatically logs an admin note, too.
status: unstarted

GUARDIAN ANGEL
"anti revenant ghost"
feature type: midround ghostrole familiar
details: primary objective- keep your host alive. Tools given to the guardian angel will help the host in various, small ways. Things like a slight naturally healing boost for (TBD) ammount of time, or slipping enemies by using points that regenerate. The familiar dies if the host dies
status: unstarted

TIDERVISION GOGGLES 
"do you believe in insuls?"
feature type: equipment
details: a visor that does SOMETHING like pyrovision goggles. (TBD)
status: unstarted
